Improve recursive variant example with indirect containers (#1)
bemanproject/indirect: README.md

<!--
SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0 WITH LLVM-exception
-->

# beman.indirect: Polymorphic objects with value-like semantics

![Continuous Integration Tests](https://github.com/bemanproject/exemplar/actions/workflows/ci_tests.yml/badge.svg)

`beman.exemplar` is a minimal C++ library conforming to [The Beman Standard](https://github.com/bemanproject/beman/blob/main/docs/BEMAN_STANDARD.md).
This can be used as a template for those intending to write Beman libraries.
It may also find use as a minimal and modern  C++ project structure.

> Implements: `std::identity` proposed in [Standard Library Concepts (P0898R3)](https://wg21.link/P0898R3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implements: `std::indirect` and `std::polymorphic` proposed in [indirect and polymorphic: Vocabulary Types for Composite Class Design (P3019)](https://wg21.link/P3019).
```

## Usage

> `std::identity` is a function object type whose `operator()` returns its argument unchanged.

Reviewer: I'm going to stop commenting as there's obviously still a bunch of boilerplate to udpate

Reviewer 2: yes, agree. see https://github.com/bemanproject/indirect/pull/1#discussion_r1929845904

Reviewer 2: removed the wrong information from the README for now. Will update in a subsequent PR
